Fixing Pub Sub sample codes (#231)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/collections/documents/tutorials/using_rest_api.md

      console.log("Logged in successfully using", tenant);
      /* ------------------------------ Create stream ----------------------------- */

      try {
        const stream = await connection.req(
          `/_fabric/_system/streams/${STREAM_NAME}?global=${IS_GLOBAL}`,
          {
            body: { name: STREAM_NAME },
            method: "POST",
          }
        );
        console.log("STREAM CREATED SUCCESSFULLY");
      } catch (e) {
        if (e.status == 409) {
          console.log("Stream already exists, skipping creation of stream");
        }
        else {
          console.log("Error while creating stream");
          throw e;
        }
      }

      /* ----------------- Publish and Subscribe message to stream ---------------- */

      const region = IS_GLOBAL ? "c8global" : "c8local";
      const streamName = `${region}s.${STREAM_NAME}`;

>       // Fetching local url incase the stream is local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Fetching local URL in case the stream is local
```

  const FEDERATION_NAME = "api-gdn.prod.macrometa.io";
  const FEDERATION_URL = `https://${FEDERATION_NAME}`;

  const IS_GLOBAL = false;
  const STREAM_NAME = `tutorialAppInputStream`;
  const STREAM_APP_NAME = `stream_app_tutorial`;
  const STREAM_APP = `@App:name('stream_app_tutorial')

>     @App:description('This application demonstrates how to use user defined function in the stream app')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    @App:description('This application demonstrates how to use user-defined functions in a stream app')
```

Reviewer: Here, stream app is two words. Elsewhere, it is one. Please choose one and stick with it.

      console.log("Logged in successfully using", tenant);

      /* ---------------------------- Create StreamApp ---------------------------- */
      try {
        const streamApp = await connection.req("/_fabric/_system/_api/streamapps", {
            body: {
            definition: STREAM_APP,
            regions: [],
            },
            method: "POST",
        });
        console.log("STREAM APP CREATED SUCCESSFULLY", streamApp);
      } catch (e) {
        if (e.status == 409) {

>           console.log("Stream App already exists, skipping creation of stream app");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          console.log("Stream app already exists, skipping creation of stream app");
```

      /* ------------------ Publish messages to sample StreamApp ------------------ */
      const region = IS_GLOBAL ? "c8global" : "c8local";
      const streamName = `${region}s.${STREAM_NAME}`;
  

>       // Fetching local url incase the stream is local (which is defined in the streamapp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Fetching local URL in case the stream is local (which is defined in the streamapp)
```
